Fix(doc): address missing doc changes (#2362)
OpenAccess-AI-Collective/axolotl: docs/dataset-formats/conversation.qmd

    message_field_training_detail: train_detail
```

::: {.callout-tip}

> It is not necessary to use both `message_field_training` and `message_field_training_detail` at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not necessary to set both `message_field_training` and `message_field_training_detail` at once.
```
